(improve doc): add command to run test in parallel (#7189)
pypa/pip: docs/html/development/getting-started.rst

    $ tox -e py36

> Generally it takes long time to run tests. You can run tests in parallel, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generally, it takes long time to run pip's test suite. To run tests in parallel,
which is faster, run:
```

    $ tox -e py36

> Generally, it takes long time to run pip's test suite. To run tests in parallel,

Reviewer 2: I would say "it can take a long time" instead of "it takes long time"

Author: done.
